So, for history homework, I'd like you to write about life in the past and life today.
Please answer the question, is life today better than it was in the past?
Yes, Betty?
Can we write about anything such as medicine and pollution?
Yes, think about how our medical knowledge has grown and of course the environment is an important part of our lives today.
And what about personal safety?
That's a good idea, darling. Do you think we are safer today?
Well, I think there are fewer accidents than in the past. Life is safer certainly.
And why do you think this is true?
Probably because there are so many laws to protect us today.
Okay, you can write about personal safety as well.
Remember to hand in your homework next Monday.